Fix load addon translations: last addon translations wins (#5113)
plone/volto: docs/source/addons/i18n.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    'description': 'Internationalize your add-on and override translations'
    'property=og:description': 'Internationalize your add-on and override translations'
    'property=og:title': 'Add-on Internationalization'
    'keywords': 'Internationalization, i18n, add-on'

> ---

Reviewer: Please revert the above changes, and adjust your editor's settings not to reformat quotes.

In the context of your project, run `yarn i18n` to merge the add-on translations with the ones of your project.

> 

Reviewer: Please do not remove deliberate white space. It makes it easier for authors to quickly find sections. Revert.

> The workflow allows you to override translations from your project scope, so the addon's translations "always win".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workflow allows you to override translations from your project scope, so the add-on's translations "always win".
```

> If you have multiple addons installed in your project, the translations are loaded in the order of addons definitions, so the last addon wins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have multiple add-ons installed in your project, the translations are loaded in the order of the add-ons' definitions, so the last defined add-on wins.
```

## Override translations

The workflow allows you to override translations from your project scope, so the add-on's translations "always win".

> If you have multiple add-ons installed in your project, the translations are loaded in the order of add-ons' definitions, so the last defined add-on wins.

Reviewer: Sorry, I missed this on my first pass. I approve once it is fixed. Thank you!

```suggestion
If you have multiple add-ons installed in your project, the translations are loaded in the order of your add-ons' definitions, so the last defined add-on wins.
```

> The workflow allows you to override translations from your project scope, so the add-on's translations "always win".
> If you have multiple add-ons installed in your project, the translations are loaded in the order of your add-ons' definitions, so the last defined add-on wins.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have multiple add-ons installed in your project, the translations are loaded in the order your add-ons are listed in `package.json`. If two add-ons provide different translations for the same message, then the last defined add-on wins.

When running `yarn i18n` in the context of your project, the project's own locales are processed last and can override translations from any add-on.
```

## Override translations

> If you have multiple add-ons installed in your project, the translations are loaded in the order your add-ons are listed in `package.json`. If two add-ons provide different translations for the same message, then the last defined add-on wins.

Reviewer: One more nitpick. One sentence per line, and this time I *promise* it is good to go. I apologize for my oversight.

```suggestion
If you have multiple add-ons installed in your project, the translations are loaded in the order your add-ons are listed in `package.json`.
If two add-ons provide different translations for the same message, then the last defined add-on wins.
```
